♪
Sartorius!
(echoes)
Your mind is
being controlled!
This isn't you.
Wake up!
(gasps)
Sarina!
Stay out of this.
My mission is
nearing its completion.
(grunts)
Wait.
What my sister
said is true.
This has to stop.
You can't be serious.
We're about to
expose mankind
to the power of light.
♪
What's this?
Someone doesn't know
when to quit.
And if you're
not careful,
you'll find yourself
permanently deleted.
♪
Do I make myself clear?
(shuts down)
Now that I control
the satellite,
I control the fate
of the world.
(maniacal laughing)
♪
(groaning)
Who's there?
♪
Oh!
Uh!
Hello, huh?
Jaden.
(echoes)
I don't have
much time,
so listen closely.
Okay.
I need your help.
Take this and protect it.
And please,
no matter what
anyone tells you,
never return
it to me.
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the schoolyard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never lookin' too hard ♪
♪ Well, back at class
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times,
hard climbs ♪
♪ We'll take 'em
on together ♪
♪ Right now,
let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX ♪
♪ Generation X ♪
♪ Game on, get
your game on ♪
♪ Come on, you better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Game on, get
your game on ♪
♪ We'll make the grade
and win this fight ♪
♪
♪ We'll make the
grade somehow ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX ♪
♪ Game on, get
your game on ♪
♪ Come on, you better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Come on and get
your game on ♪♪
♪
The light is coming.
(echoes)
Hmm?
What do you want?
Aster, we were
friends once.
I understand that you
can't trust me anymore.
But I trust you.
Huh?
Now please,
take this
and guard it
with your life.
But what is it?
Goodbye.
Wait, don't go!
Uh, Sartorius?
I hate when
he does that.
♪
I'm only going
to ask this once.
Where are the keys?
I can assure you
that they're in
the right hands.
They're what?
You fool!
Do you have any clue
what you've done?
We need them to
unlock the satellite.
Now, who has them?
Why, the chosen
duelists, of course.
I knew I wasn't
strong enough
to fight you,
so I simply
gave the keys
to someone who is.
(punch)
They can't stop me.
Nobody can.
Just wait.
When I'm through
with Jaden and Aster,
they shall see the light!
(maniacal laughter)
♪
You wanted to see me?
What is it, sir?
I'd like you to pay
a visit to an old friend.
It's time you
dueled Jaden.
Ah.
Something wrong?
♪
Hmm.
I'm at your command.
Let's do this.
I had a feeling you'd
see things my way.
Now, here's something
you might need.
If you use
this deck correctly,
it'll bring Jaden
to his knees.
I won't disappoint
you, sir.
I know.
And Jaden has something
that belongs to me.
So when you crush him,
see that it finds
its way back
into my hands.
Yes, master.
♪
No way!
Sartorius?
Are you sure it wasn't
just a bad dream?
I'm positive,
just look.
He gave me this key.
Well, what's it open?
No clue.
-You too, huh?
-Huh?
I was hoping
it was his jet,
but no such luck.
So wait,
there are two keys?
And what are we
supposed to do
with them anyway?
I have no idea.
But until we
figure that out,
we've gotta
keep 'em safe.
♪
Let's go!
I hear it's build-
your-own-burger day
in the cafeteria.
Cool!
I want a tofu burger
with soy cheddar.
What ever happened
to real meat
and good ole' fashioned
American cheese?
I'm making mine
a bacon double.
-Huh?
'Bout time.
I've been waiting
for hours.
-For me?
-Relax.
I'm here
for the key.
Wait, but how do
you know about that?
Sartorius.
He sent me
over here
to get it back
from you.
So, why don't you
hand it over
and we can all move
on with our lives.
No way, he gave
it to me.
Well, he made
a mistake.
So, if you're smart,
you'll give it to me,
or there's choice B.
You can duel me
and winner takes all.
Could be interesting,
don't you think?
I don't know, J.
This key seems
pretty important.
Don't do it, Sarge!
Aw, what's wrong?
You scared?
No.
Then what's
the problem?
It's just two
old buddies
playing a friendly
game, right?
So, stop listening
to these two dweebs
and duel me.
And if I win,
then you hand
over the key.
If I happen to lose,
then I'll leave you alone.
That's a terrible deal, J.
Truesdale's right.
I say we retreat.
I'm sorry, Lex.
But there's no duel.
You don't have
to apologize.
Huh?
That's not even Alexis.
What?
Look at her.
You see her eyes?
They're completely
lifeless and empty.
We're losing her.
And if we don't
do something soon,
the Alexis we knew
will be gone forever.
There isn't
much time, guys.
What can we do?
Any ideas?
There's one hope.
You'll have
to duel her.
It's the only way
to set her free.
All right, fine!
Then, game on!
-You sure?
I'm sure.
I've no choice.
I accept your
challenge, Lex.
So let's duel!
Smartest thing
you've ever done.
Or maybe the dumbest.
Remember, her future's
on the line here.
Trust me,
if there's one thing
I know how to do,
it's win a duel.
Atticus, mark my words,
no matter what
happens out there,
your sister's
in good hands.
You know, J,
not that I have
any doubts,
but if you lose,
isn't there a chance
that you could get
brainwashed also?
Truesdale,
way to have a
positive outlook.
Chill out, will you?
Have I ever let
you down before?
No, but this duel
could be tougher
than we think.
Like, what if
Alexis got new cards
from Sartorius?
Positive outlook,
remember?
Although, he does
bring up a good point.
You have to reach
out to the real Alexis.
Huh?
I've got
a card for you.
It might help you
get through to her.
Thanks, but what is it?
It's called
Swing of Memories.
Sort of a family
heirloom.
♪
Ready, sis?
I activate my Swing
of Memories spell.
Not again.
You always use
that card.
(chuckles)
Well, maybe this time
you'll beat it, Lex.
I guess.
Well, here goes.
And who knows?
I just might win.
And that's game.
No fair!
I'll never win a duel.
Hey, you're gonna be
a great duelist someday.
Really?
You mean it, bro?
I love dueling
more than anything,
and I'm gonna practice
until I'm the best.
Sounds good.
Let's duel!
And this time
I'm gonna win.
You sure about that?
You bet!
Even back then,
she never gave up.
Trust me, play that
Swing of Memories
magic card and her
memories will come
rushing right back.
You got it.
She'll be back
to normal in no time.
She doesn't need
a card to wake her up,
she needs me.
-Chazz?
-The Chazz.
Face it, dorks.
Only my love
can set her free.
You're kidding?
Get a grip.
This is all
your fault, son!
If it weren't for you,
she wouldn't be in
the Society of Light.
You've done enough.
Hey, back off.
Stop spreading lies.
She's my soulmate,
and I'd never
do that to her.
Hold on, you don't
remember, do you?
Uh, no.
A big duel,
you won,
she got brainwashed.
So you mean it's true?
It is my fault?
And they called
you slow.
News flash, that's why
we don't trust you.
♪
No way, you're lying!
I would never
hurt Alexis.
Atticus, tell them.
Tell them
it's not true.
No one's falling
for this amnesia act.
You did this
to Alexis
and you know it.
Why don't you
just leave?
You've already
caused enough harm.
If you really
wanna do something
for my sister...
go home.
No!
♪
Uh!
Let me make it
all up to her.
I can help!
Oh look, Chazz
actually has feelings.
Ha, ha.
Hey, relax.
Yeah, Chazz,
cheer up.
Girls love
a sensitive guy.
He's right.
When the ladies hear
you've got a soft side,
they're gonna be
beating down your door.
You think so?
Well, if they like
big crybabies.
Whatever.
The only girl
I really care about
is Alexis.
Here.
What's this?
It's the key
to her heart.
That's right, boys.
It's one of my
signature cards.
One look at that and
she'll run right back.
Don't worry, you can
thank me later.
Uh, okay,
if you say so.
You're lucky I showed
up when I did.
We are?
So, how's he helping?
Let's just play along.
Thanks for all
your help!
You're the best!
(chuckles)
There's nothing
I won't do
to help the
woman I love.
Now she'll have
to marry me.
(maniacal laughter)
You just keep on
believing that.
♪
Did you bring the key?
Yep, it's right here.
Keep it handy.
I don't expect this
to take very long.
So I hope you
haven't grown
too attached
to that thing.
Relax, it's all good.
Besides, I'm dueling
to get my friend back,
not for some key.
Whatever.
Ready, Lex?
I'm always ready.
♪
Then it's time
to get your game on!
No, it's time for you
to get a new line.
If you give me
the key now,
I'll spare you
the humiliation
of losing.
I'm not planning
to lose.
Famous last words.
♪
I'll kick things off.
Ready?
I'll play Snow Fairy
in attack mode!
♪
So, if you're thinking
of using a spell card,
forget it!
'Cause as long as
my Snow Fairy
is on the field,
all spell cards
are frozen
for one turn.
Hmph.
That key is
as good as mine.
Sure you don't wanna
hand it over now?
Hmm.
You know that I would
never forfeit a duel.
You have me confused
with one of your
dorky friends.
Oh, man.
She doesn't
remember a thing.
Just wait.
Jaden hasn't played
my card yet.
Chazz, did you ever
think it might
take more than just
one of your cards
to wake her up?
I know!
Why don't you
recite her a poem!
You sensitive guy, you!
All right, Lex,
it's on!
Okay, here's a little
something to jog your memory.
♪
Oh, please.
Remember, Chazz?
Huh?
Well, this is
from him.
It's Ojama Black.
♪
And that's not all!
I wrote you a poem
to go with it.
Ahem.
My love for you
is like an Ojama.
I love you more than
a trip to the Bahamas.
And even more than
a llama loves his mama.
I love you
in a dress,
but also in pajamas.
And you'll always be
my little Lexi-rama.
Oh, you're too kind.
Uh, Chazz, I was
kidding about
the whole poem thing.
Ha-ha-ha!
I don't even know how
to respond to that.
Can we move on?
You know, I think
I'm gonna draw
one more card.
All right.
I'm gonna throw
down a facedown
and call it a turn.
Come on, Alexis!
Show this chump
how it's done, baby!
What was that?
Uh, nothing.
Just me trying to be
supportive, that's all.
Just supporting.
Oh, yeah?
Well, the last guy
that called her "baby"
didn't make it to
the end of the duel.
What?
I knew that guy.
Oh yeah, what ever
happened to him?
♪
Time to play
some real cards.
Like this!
So get ready...
'cause I play
the spell card
White Night Fort.
What does that do?
Guess I'm about
to find out.
♪
Whoa.
Whoa!
Settle down, dorks.
That was nothing.
Just wait until you
see what happens next.
It's freezing.
In fact, I can't
feel my toes.
That's the least
of your problems.
With this on the field,
your traps are frozen.
Ugh!
But that means
I can't activate
my negate attack card.
It's almost as if
Alexis knew
I was about
to play it.
You look shocked.
Didn't you realize
you can't hide
anything from me?
The light exposes
everything!
All right.
Time to summon
Illusion Ice Sculpture.
What's with all
the ice and snow?
What's wrong, Jaden?
I thought you
liked to chill.
Oh yeah, and as long
as it's on the field,
it's the only monster
you can attack.
There's more.
It can also take
the form of any
other monster on my
side of the field.
Oh man.
Not good.
♪
Snow Fairy, attack!
Take out Ojama Black!
♪
Oh.
(grunts)
♪
He's frozen!
Oh well, so much
for Chazz's card.
Guess it didn't work.
Can't say I'm surprised.
Hold on.
I know the problem.
I should've used
Ojama Green!
-Yeah, that's it.
I'm not done!
Illusion Ice Sculpture,
attack him directly!
♪
(groaning)
(Alexis laughing)
Looks like you're walking
on thin ice, Jaden.
(maniacal laughter)
I'm gonna get through
to you, Alexis!
All I need is a plan.
And a jacket.
Oh, great.
Jaden's frozen
in place!
It's all your
fault, Chazz!
If you didn't give
Jaden that card,
he'd be all right.
Oh yeah?
You wanna take this
outside, Bumbleberry?
I've gotta destroy
Ice Sculpture
before it destroys me.
And then I'll need
a hot chocolate.
Hey, my move!
♪
Now, I play this.
My Elemental HERO
Sparkman!
All right, Sparky,
time to break the ice.
♪
This would be
the perfect time
to use that
Swing of Memories card
Atticus gave me.
But thanks to her
Snow Fairy's ability,
I have to wait
one more turn
to activate it.
(chuckles)
Why don't you just
play it instead
of staring at it.
Or did your
brain freeze?
Fine, I'll play it.
Are you done?
Yeah, but just wait
till next turn!
And why's that, J?
You gonna convince
me I'm nuts?
Face it, dork,
you're just jealous
'cause I've seen the light.
Alexis!
I know you're in
there somewhere, sis.
It's me, Atticus,
your brother,
the aspiring pop star.
You sure about that?
'Cause you seem more
like a crazy fan
than a pop star.
Aw!
♪
Now on with the duel!
I activate
Icicle Sacrifice!
Thanks to this
spell card,
I get a little friend
in my monster zone.
It also lets me
bring out
an Icicle Token!
Now I can sacrifice it,
which let's me summon
my White Night Queen.
That's a Level 7
monster,
so it needs
two sacrifices.
Guess again.
Thanks to its ability,
Icicle Token counts
as two monsters.
No kidding.
♪
And my queen comes
with a cool trick, too.
She can destroy
a facedown card
with every turn.
So...
there goes your card.
Aw, don't do it!
♪
How, Lex?
How could you destroy
a card that once
meant the world to you!
Who are you?
Your sister, Alexis!
Sartorius is
controlling you.
Wake up!
You belong with us,
not with the
Society of Light.
Nice speech, Jaden.
But how can I turn
my back on someone
who gave me the
power to do this?
White Night Queen,
attack his Sparkman.
♪
(groans)
There's more!
Snow Fairy!
Attack Jaden directly.
♪
Jaden!
The poor guy
needs a scarf.
He's gonna need
a lot more than that.
You said it.
Who knows what my
sister's capable of.
(grunts)
Now I've lost the
feeling in my arm.
(chuckles)
Too cold for you?
Well, if I were you,
I'd bundle up,
'cause if you think
it's chilly in here now,
just wait'll you see
what I do next.
Let's just say
it'll send chills
up and down
your spine.
Ready, tough guy?
I have to free Alexis
from Sartorius' control
before it's too late.
Chazz's card
was a bust,
and Atticus' card
didn't help either.
It's all up
to me now.
If I don't find
a way to save Alexis,
we'll lose her forever!
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the schoolyard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never lookin' too hard ♪
♪ Well, back at class
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times,
hard climbs ♪
♪ We'll take 'em
on together ♪
♪ Right now,
let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX ♪
♪ Game on, get
your game on ♪
♪ Come on, come on
and get your game on ♪♪